Physics dataclass (#4268)
ukaea/PROCESS: documentation/source/eng-models/heating_and_current_drive/RF/culham_lower_hybrid.md

6. Calculate the parallel refractive index, `nplacc`, which is needed for plasma access. It uses the local density `dlocal` and the local magnetic field `blocal` to calculate a fraction `frac`. `nplacc` is then obtained by adding `frac` to the square root of `1.0 + frac * frac`.
7. Calculate the local inverse aspect ratio, `epslh`, by dividing `rpenet` by `rmajor`.
8. Calculate the LH normalised efficiency, `x`, using the formula `24.0 / (nplacc * sqrt(tlocal))`.

> 9. Calculate several intermediate terms, `term01`, `term02`, `term03`, and `term04`, using different formulas involving `nplacc`, `data.physics.zeff`, `tlocal`, `epslh`, and `x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Calculate several intermediate terms, `term01`, `term02`, `term03`, and `term04`, using different formulas involving `nplacc`, `zeff`, `tlocal`, `epslh`, and `x`.
```

10. Calculate the current drive efficiency, `gamlh`, using the formula `term01 * term02 * (1.0e0 - term03 / term04)`.

> 11. Return the current drive efficiency normalised by the product of `0.1e0 * dlocal` and `data.physics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Return the current drive efficiency normalised by the product of `0.1e0 * dlocal` and `rmajor`.
```
